Add flutter-symbol upload command (#616)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/flutter-symbols/README.md

## Overview

> To deobfuscate and symbolicate errors and crashes, upload your Flutter Symbols, iOS dSYMs, and Android mapping Files to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deobfuscate and symbolicate errors and crashes, upload your Flutter Symbols, iOS dSYMs, and Android mapping files to Datadog.
```

## Setup

You need to have `DATADOG_API_KEY` in your environment.

```bash
# Environment setup
export DATADOG_API_KEY="<API KEY>"
```

> You can configure the tool to use Datadog EU by defining the `DATADOG_SITE` environment variable as `datadoghq.eu`. By default, the requests are sent to Datadog US.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to configure the tool to use Datadog EU, define the `DATADOG_SITE` environment variable as `datadoghq.eu`. By default, requests are sent to Datadog US.
```

Author: Yeah, I was wondering about this. @louiszawadzki we may want to make this change in the React Native readme as well.

To make these variables available, Datadog recommends setting them in an encrypted `datadog-ci.json` file at the root of your project:

```json
{
  "apiKey": "<DATADOG_API_KEY>",
  "datadogSite": "<DATADOG_SITE>"
}
```

To override the full URL for the intake endpoint, define the `DATADOG_SOURCEMAP_INTAKE_URL` environment variable.

## Commands

### `upload`

This command uploads your Dart symbol files, iOS dSYMs, and Android Proguard mapping files to Datadog in order to deobfuscate and symbolicate your application's stack traces.

After running `flutter build --split-debug-info=./debug-info --obfuscate`, you can upload all files to Datadog by running this command: 

```bash
datadog-ci flutter-symbols upload --dart-symbols-location ./debug-info --service-name com.companyname.application --ios-dyms --android-mapping
```

| Parameter | Condition | Description |
|-----------|-----------|-------------|

> | `--service-name` | Required | Set as the service name you are uploading files for. Datadog uses this service name to find corresponding files based on the `service` options set during configuration of the the RUM Flutter SDK.<br>By default, the RUM Flutter SDK uses your application's bundle identifier as the service. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--service-name` | Required | Set as the service name you are uploading files for. Datadog uses this service name to find corresponding files based on the `service` options set when you configured the Datadog Flutter SDK for RUM.<br>By default, the Datadog Flutter SDK for RUM uses your application's bundle identifier as the service. |
```

> | `--flavor` | Optional | The build flavor that was built. Defaults to `release` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--flavor` | Optional | The build flavor that was built. Defaults to `release`. |
```

| `--dart-symbols-location`  | Optional  | The locaiton of your Dart symbol files. This should be the same path specified to `--split-debug-info`. |

> | `--ios-dysms` | Optional | Upload iOS dSYM files to Datadog |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--ios-dysms` | Optional | Upload iOS dSYM files to Datadog. |
```

| `--ios-dsyms-location` | Optional | Specify the location of iOS dSYM files. By default, these are located at `./build/ios/archive/Runner.xcarchive/dSYMs`. Adding this parameter automatically sets `--ios-dsyms`. |

> | `--android-mapping` | Optional | Upload Android Proguard mapping file. This is usually only necessary if you specify `--obfuscate` as a parameter to `flutter build` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--android-mapping` | Optional | Upload Android Proguard mapping file. This is only necessary if you specify `--obfuscate` as a parameter to `flutter build`. |
```

Author: I think there may be situations where this would be necessary even without the `--obfuscate paraemter`, so I'm going to leave the "usually" in.

> | `--android-mapping-location` | Optional | Specify the location of your Android Proguard mapping file. By default, this is located at `./build/app/outputs/mapping/[flavor]/mapping.txt`. Adding this parameter automatically sets `--android-mapping` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--android-mapping-location` | Optional | Specify the location of your Android Proguard mapping file. By default, this is located at `./build/app/outputs/mapping/[flavor]/mapping.txt`. Adding this parameter automatically sets `--android-mapping`. |
```

| `--pubspec-location` | Optional | The location of the pubspec for this application. The pubspec is used to automatically determine the version number of the application. Defaults to the current directory. |

> | `--version` | Optional | The version of your application. This defaults to the version specified in your pubspec. Note that only one upload is needed for a specific `version` and `service` combination. Subsequent uploads are ignored until the `version` changes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--version` | Optional | The version of your application. This defaults to the version specified in your pubspec. Only one upload is needed for a specific `version` and `service` combination. Subsequent uploads are ignored until the `version` changes. |
```
